hey everybody welcome to ask AdWords
thanks for tuning in I'm Alex and I'm
Jill we got some more questions to
answer this week if you'd like us to
answer your question just leave a
comment in this video or send it in over
social media using the hashtag ask
AdWords but the first question this week
comes in from James who asks how do I
easily link Adwords and analytics great
so log into your analytics account go
ahead and click on admin and the bar
across the top of your screen there
should be three vertical columns in the
column in the middle of your screen go
and click on AdWords linking and in
order to link Adwords and analytics you
need to have the same admin email
address for Adwords and for analytics
assuming that's the case you should see
an option to link that specific AdWords
account in there a new feature that's
actually rolling out very soon is the
ability to link multiple AdWords
accounts to an analytics account so if
you are an agency for example and
normally in the past you have to go
basically account by account to link
you'll have the ability to basically
like them all in one and that should be
coming out pretty soon sounds pretty
easy awesome second question comes from
a youtube user and it is how should I
work with keywords in a dynamic search
ads campaign ok so a dynamic search ads
campaign what is that it's a type of
campaign that you couldn't run and what
it the way it works as AdWords will
actually use your domain your website
dynamically target your ad so it
actually doesn't use keywords it looks
at your website looks at your domain and
it shows your ad win relevant um who's a
good for it's good for people that have
a lot of merchandise if you were a you
know a website with tons of clothes
right you're selling tons of different
types of clothes there are seasonal
they're always changing and it would
just be really tedious for you to go and
be changing the keywords constantly to
reflect you know your inventory dynamic
search ads might be for you if you have
a more manageable you know amount of
product services um you know it's
probably best to just go in and manually
enter in the keywords yourselves and
create your own headlines because with
dynamic search ads that actually
dynamically creates the headline based
off of your domain in your website so
you don't use keywords and if you're
interested in dynamic search ads check
it out on our Hope Center
perfect third question comes in from
Lane who asks I am new to shopping
campaigns can i set a max CPC for
individual products yes you can and
that's one of the great benefits of
shopping campaigns is that you can get
very granular you can set up a max cost
per click for a category or for a brand
or even a specific item ID keep in mind
that all product listing ads campaigns
is just a shout out that they're all
going to be merged over to shopping
campaigns I believe in in late august or
sometime towards the end of the summer
so if you don't already have a shopping
campaign setup you should think about
upgrading the future because you have
the option to get very granular and look
at the max cost per click for a specific
item thanks so much for watching this
ask adwords episode if you have future
questions please feel free to use the
hashtag ask adwords on any social media
site will find it maybe put it on the
show have a good one see ya so if you're
using shopping campaigns I mean you want
to see which product is getting clicks
what you do is you get to the dimension
step go to the View button go down to
the shopping section who primarily wants
to spend your budget on search and you
just may be heard about the display
network or you have a vague interest in
the display network or you want to kind
of dabble in it but use product listing
ads you can also check out the new
shopping format it gives you a little
bit of more nuanced control and it's
just a fun new thing to look into so the
final question comes